docs: Clarify behaviour of multiple matchers of the same type (#102)
caddyserver/website: src/docs/markdown/caddyfile/matchers.md

A named matcher definition constitutes a _matcher set_. Matchers in a set are AND'ed together; i.e. all must match. For example, if you have both a `header` and `path` matcher in the set, both must match.

> Multiple matchers of the same type (e.g. multiple `path` matchers in the same set) may be combined using boolean algebra (AND/OR), as described in their respective sections below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple matchers of the same type may be combined (e.g. multiple `path` matchers in the same set) using boolean algebra (AND/OR), as described in their respective sections below.
```

Just to make it clearer that we're not talking about combining multiple sets, but multiple matchers within a set.

> For some matchers that accept multiple values, those values are OR'ed; i.e. one must match in order for the matcher to match. See the docs for each matcher for details on how they are merged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple matchers are combined using boolean algebra (AND/OR), as described by each section below.
```

Author: I think 
```suggestion
Multiple matchers of the same type are combined using boolean algebra (AND/OR), as described by each section below.
```

i.e. + "of the same type"

Reviewer: Even different matchers are combined using AND logic though.

Author: True. I think we should separate those ideas then. It should be clear that matchers of a different type will always be ANDed but matchers of the same type may be AND or OR depending.

Author: Updated, went with:

```
Multiple matchers of the same type (e.g. multiple `path` matchers in the same set) may be combined using boolean algebra (AND/OR), as described in their respective sections below.
```

I think that's probably okay.

	- If enclosed by `*`, it performs a fast substring match.
	- Otherwise, it is a fast exact match.

> Different header fields within the same set are AND-ed. Multiple values per field are OR-ed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Different header fields within the same set are AND-ed. Multiple values per field are OR'ed.
```

> If used multiple times in the same named matcher, matchers with the same header field will be merged, which will OR the values of each.

Reviewer: I think this is a wee bit confusing... how about:

```suggestion
Different header fields within the same set are AND-ed. Multiple values per field are OR-ed.
```

Like `header`, but supports regular expressions. Capture groups can be accessed via placeholder like `{http.regexp.name.capture_group}` where `name` is the name of the regular expression (optional, but recommended) and `capture_group` is either the name or number of the capture group in the expression. Capture group `0` is the full regexp match, `1` is the first capture group, `2` is the second capture group, and so on.

> Only one regular expression is supported per header field. Multiple different fields will be AND-ed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only one regular expression is supported per header field. Multiple different fields will be AND'ed.
```

> There can only be multiple `header_regexp` matchers per named matcher, but only one per field. Each field will be AND'ed.

Reviewer: The rest of these also read a little awkward to me, what if we try this:

```suggestion
Only one regular expression is supported per header field. Multiple different fields will be AND-ed.
```

Matches request by the `Host` header field of the request. It is not common to use this in the Caddyfile, since most site blocks already indicate hosts in the address of the site. This matcher is mostly used in site blocks that don't define specific hostnames.

> There can be multiple `host` matchers per named matcher, merging them. The hosts will be OR'ed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple `host` matchers will be OR'ed together.
```

By the method (verb) of the HTTP request. Verbs should be uppercase, like `POST`. Can match one or many methods.

> There can be multiple `method` matchers per named matcher, merging them. The verbs will be OR'ed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple `method` matchers will be OR'ed together.
```

- On both sides, for a substring match (`*/contains/*`)
- In the middle, for a globular match (`/accounts/*/info`)

> There can be multiple `path` matchers per named matcher, merging them. The paths will be OR'ed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple `path` matchers will be OR'ed together.
```

query <key>=<val>...
```

> By query string parameters. Should be a sequence of `key=value` pair. Keys are matched exactly, case-sensitively. Values can contain placeholders. Values are matched exactly, but also support `*` to match any value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By query string parameters. Should be a sequence of `key=value` pairs. Keys are matched exactly, case-sensitively. Values can contain placeholders. Values are matched exactly, but also support `*` to match any value.
```

> There can be multiple `query` matchers per named matcher, and pairs with the same keys will be merged together, which will OR the values of each.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There can be multiple `query` matchers per named matcher, and pairs with the same keys will be OR'ed together.
```

By remote (client) IP address. If `X-Forwarded-For` is passed in request headers, this will be used for remote IP address. Accepts exact IPs or CIDR ranges.

> There can be multiple `remote_ip` matchers per named matcher, merging them. The addresses will be OR'ed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple `remote_ip` matchers will be OR'ed together.
```
